---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "upkuapi_http_monitor Resource - upkuapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides an Moniotr resource. This allows monitors to be created, updated, and deleted.
---

# upkuapi_http_monitor (Resource)

Provides an Moniotr resource. This allows monitors to be created, updated, and deleted.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "upkuapi_http_monitor" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "example monitor"
  url         = "https://example.com"

  interval       = 60
  retry_interval = 60
  ignore_tls     = true

  accepted_statuscodes = ["200-299", "300-399"]
  notification_list    = [1, 2, 3]
  tags = {
    "env"      = "prod"
    "createBy" = "demo"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Options for monitor display name.
- `url` (String) Options for monitoring url.

### Optional

- `accepted_statuscodes` (List of String) Options for Accepted Status Codes. Select status codes which are considered as a successful response., defaults to `["200-299"]`
- `description` (String) Describes the monitor.
- `expiry_notification` (Boolean) Options for Certificate Expiry Notification. defaults to `true`.
- `http_option_body` (String) Options for body content. default to `none`.
- `http_option_body_encoding` (String) Options for body encoding. default to `none`.
- `http_option_headers` (String) Options for http headers.
- `http_option_method` (String) Options for http monitor method. default to `GET`.
- `ignore_tls` (Boolean) Options for ignore TLS/SSL error for HTTPS websites, defaults to `false`.
- `interval` (Number) Options for heartbeat Interval. default to `60`.
- `max_redirects` (Number) Options for maximum number of redirects to follow. Set to 0 to disable redirects. defaults to `10`
- `max_retries` (Number) Options for maximum retries before the service is marked as down and a notification is sent. default to `5`.
- `notification_list` (List of Number) Options for notification id list, automatically enable default notifications.
- `resend_interval` (Number) Options for resend every times. defaults to `0`
- `retry_interval` (Number) Options for Retry every secend. default to `20`.
- `tags` (Map of String) Options for monitor tag
- `upside_down` (Boolean) Options for Upside Down Mode. Flip the status upside down. If the service is reachable, it is DOWN. defaults to `false`

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `path_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Monitor can imported by specifying the numeric identifier.
terraform import upkuapi_monitor.example 1
```
